Chess is a two-player stratergic board game which has 32 pieces and 6 different pieces.
The goal of the game is to capture the opponent's king.
Each distinct piece can move in a particular way.
The rules of movement and the pieces are:

-> The king moves one square in any direction. The king also has a special move called 
castling that involves also moving a rook.
-> The rook can move any number of squares along a rank or file, but cannot leap over 
other pieces. Along with the king, a rook is involved during the king's castling move.
-> The bishop can move any number of squares diagonally, but cannot leap over   other pieces.
-> The queen combines the power of a rook and bishop and can move any number of squares 
along a rank, file, or diagonal, but cannot leap over other pieces.
-> The knight moves to any of the closest squares that are not on the same rank, 
file, or diagonal, thus the move forms an "L"-shape: two squares vertically and
one square horizontally, or two squares horizontally and one square vertically.
The knight is the only piece that can leap over other pieces.
-> The pawn can move forward to the unoccupied square immediately in front of
it on the same file, or on its first move it can advance two squares along the
same file, provided both squares are unoccupied; or the pawn can capture an 
opponent's piece on a square diagonally in front of it on an adjacent file,
by moving to that square.A pawn has the ability to be promoted to a queen
when it reaches the oppposite  side.

Castling:
Once in every game, each king is allowed to make a special move, known as 
castling. Castling consists of moving the king two squares along the first 
rank toward a rook (which is on the player's first rank) and then placing
the rook on the last square that the king has just crossed. Castling
 is permissible under the following conditions:

-> Neither the king nor the rook have previously moved during the game.
-> There cannot be any pieces between the king and the rook.

